I feel like I can show a different side of myself when I speak in another language.
I feel connected and familiar when I hear people speak in a foreign language I know.
I think that I can express ideas in other languages that I can’t in Chinese or English.
Everyone can speak English today so I think there is not much point learning other languages.
It’s hard to see whether and how I will use French/German/Japanese in the future.
Learning English well is important for my future education.
Learning French/German/Japanese well is important for my future education.
I learn French/German/Japanese mainly for pleasure rather than practicality.
I study foreign languages because I want to make friends with people from all over the world.
Speaking several foreign languages will always be an important part of my identity even after I leave school.
I study French/German/Japanese because I want to be a multilingual person rather than I love the language per se.
In China, fluency in several foreign languages will give me a competitive edge over people who can only speak English and their mother tongue.
For me, foreign language skills are tools to achieve more important goals.
I’m proud to be able to speak more than one language.
I am interested in foreign cultures in general.
With internet and translation apps, it’s hard to see the point of learning foreign languages.
My experience in learning English does make my French/German/Japanese learning easier.
My experience in learning French/German/Japanese makes my English learning easier.
I prioritize learning English over French/German/Japanese.
I believe that I have a talent in language learning in general.
I would like to continue English learning even if it was not required by school curriculum.
I would like to continue French/German/Japanese learning even if it was not required by school curriculum.
I don’t enjoy learning foreign languages yet I still want to learn them well because FL skills are useful for my future.
I don’t enjoy learning foreign languages yet I still want to learn them well for the sake of degree.
I study hard in foreign languages because this is what a language-major student should do.
I think some languages are more important to learn than others.
Learning foreign languages is helpful to understanding people from French/German/Japanese-speaking countries.
Learning foreign languages facilitates me with better developed social network.
I’m looking forward to a better multicultural and multilingual outlook in the future.
I’m energized whenever I imagine the vision of achieving my goals in the future.
The more challenging the task is, the more I’m motivated to accomplish it.
Sometimes I would doubt the meaning of my goal/vision and thus result in a downward motivation.
Tracking daily attendance would help me to stick to the learning better.
When the daily schedule is discontinued one day, I would fail to follow it for the following several days.
The achievement of sub-goals renders me a sense of accomplishment and pleasure, which is an incentive for me to invest more in learning.
It is inspiring for me if my teachers and classmates provide positive feedback on my language learning.
Winning scholarship will yield my higher motivation to learn foreign languages.
The positive emotions I experience in learning (e.g., satisfaction, pleasure, accomplishment) generate my higher motivation to learn foreign languages.
When I’m in a bad mood, I have less motivation to learn foreign languages, and sometimes even stop learning.
I am more motivated to learn foreign languages when I face stress and anxiety.
My motivation of learning foreign languages diminishes when receiving negative feedbacks from others for my academic performance.
When I am challenged by others, a strengthened motivation of language learning will be generated because I desire to prove myself.
I feel demotivated during a crisis of interpersonal relationship (e.g., friendship).
I have a sensitive personality and would easily get anxious and depressed, which causes relatively large fluctuations in the intensity of my motivation.
I have a wide range of interests and enjoy taking up challenges, so I’m more motivated when facing with challenges in learning.
Overall, I consider myself to be a conscientious person characterized by being success-oriented, persistent and diligent, who is able to maintain motivation at a stable level.
When I encounter difficulties in learning, encouragement and expectations from friends, teachers and families help a lot in maintaining my motivation and overcoming the difficulties.
Having peers to study with and monitor each other will sustain and booster my motivation.
Being aware of the gap between me and my classmates will improve my motivation to learn foreign languages to narrow the gap.
I get easily distracted seeing peers around me having fun, and my motivation to learn foreign languages will be weakened.
Teachers’ teaching style does exert a positive impact on my motivation.
I am sensitive to surroundings and need to be in a place like a library to stay focused and motivated.
I am more motivated to learn foreign languages when seeing my classmates studying hard.
I am more motivated to learn foreign languages when I have a large block of time free to organize.
When I find the knowledge taught by teachers significantly different from what I have expected, I may feel disappointed and demotivated in learning foreign languages.
The learning habits I developed in primary and secondary school play an important role in sustaining my motivation of foreign language learning in college.
Learning a third language (or another new language) will reduce my commitment to learning English.
I will be more motivated to learn foreign languages after relaxation (e.g., after shopping/playing games).
I don’t want to show people around me that I have strong motivation to learn foreign languages, so sometimes I would suppress it deliberately.
I feel pressured to study foreign languages well, because I think people around me will be disappointed if I didn’t.
